### AWS & Linux Interview Questions

### AWS - General

1.  Can you rate your AWS skills and hands-on experience on a scale of 1
    to 10?
2.  What other AWS services are you familiar with?
3.  Suppose you have an EC2 instance. How would you check whether it has
    internet connectivity for downloading and installing software
    packages?
4.  If the EC2 instance does not have internet connectivity, how would
    you troubleshoot and fix it?



### EC2 & S3

1.  How would you connect an EC2 instance to multiple S3 buckets?
2.  What would be your first step?
3.  How would you verify the connectivity between the EC2 instance and
    the S3 bucket?
4.  What AWS CLI command would you use to list the contents of an S3
    bucket from an EC2 instance?



### VPC

1.  How would you convert a public subnet into a private subnet?
2.  What important step did you miss while converting a public subnet
    into a private subnet?



### Application Load Balancer (ALB)

1.  What load-balancing algorithms are supported by an AWS Application
    Load Balancer (ALB)?
2.  Can you differentiate between the Round Robin and Least Outstanding
    Requests algorithms?
3.  For a mission-critical application, which load-balancing algorithm
    would you choose and why?



### Linux - Cron Jobs

1.  I have a script called `script1`. How would you schedule it to run
    every 5 minutes?
2.  Have you worked with `crontab`?
3.  Which command is used to list all cron jobs?
4.  What is the `crontab` entry to run a script every 5 minutes and
    every 15 minutes?
